c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.exe.config
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.exe
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.pdb
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Maps.MapControl.WPF.dll
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Maps.MapControl.WPF.xml
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.g.resources
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.exe
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.pdb
c:\users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.FlightSimulator.SimConnect.dll
C:\Users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\NavaidsDataLib.dll
C:\Users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\NavaidsDataLib.pdb
C:\Users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\dariu\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.exe
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.exe
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.FlightSimulator.SimConnect.dll
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\NavaidsDataLib.dll
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\NavaidsDataLib.pdb
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Maps.MapControl.WPF.xml
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.g.resources
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\szygula100\Desktop\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\SL_Project_WPF\obj\Debug\SL_Project_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
